[Design such that there are hints of their true natures, but it isn't immediately obvious what they are] PS they should all be hot/cute

{androgynous, ~175cm, slim muscular, may have long or short hair as the artist sees fit to acheive the look}
1. Dragon(chinese inspired) in human from who comes from a prestigious family, dresses elegant and refined. Androgynous and a member of the art club, because family wants them to learn all things "classy", very traditional family. Secretly a mangaka, very polular and known for making BL manga, goes by a pen name.Can have themes inspired by chinese trditional clothes but doesn't have top if it is making it difficult to acheive the androgynous look

{male, skinny and pale, looks like they don't eat much, has eye bags and looks sleepy/tired, ~186cm, messy hair}
2. Pale, tall, handsome, scary, eyebags, ghostly looking person(maybe with a ominous looking coat/cloak). They are a necromancer by (family)trade and a part of the gardening club, can summon ghosts, talks in an intimidating/threatening tone

{male, has short hair but looks feminine, ~163cm}
3. Cute femboy vampire roommate. Cheery and dresses cutely, loves food and is the sole member of the "food club". They make snacks for everyone and go to all the clubs and deliver the snacks, they also review restaurants and write a column in school newspaper.

{buff but not overly muscular, something like Blade from Honkai Star rail, shoulder length hair and the style is upto the artist, ~178cm}
4. Hot Incubus but is actually a dense mf. Talks flirty but gets zero bitches, he just talks that way because his family are Incubi/Succubi. He just loves video games so created the game club for all his shy friends, and talks to a lot of people, always flirty but he is just genuinely nice and wholesome. We end up having to confess to this guy because he is one DENSE mf. Often tired because he forgot that he needs to draw energy from sex.

{female, gives off the cool office lady/milf vibes, clothes look like something a war god would put together to blend into human society, ~173cm, ~D-E cup}
5. Goddess, who is trying to disguise/blend herself into human society, is in a situationship with a demon god, who is also trying to blend himself into the human society. They thought they liked each other because of their common situation but after getting togetehr they realized that they have too different goals, personalities and ambitions. A war god but there is peace now, and she wants to get away from it. Is a member of the drama club, usually the lead actress and deosn't actually get along with her "partner" and they often have spats. She dresses regally, looks very commanding and has a strong personality. Looks like in control (Reference Nadia from The Arcana)

{male, buff and hella muscular like Armstrong from Fullmetal Alchemist, the dilf of the crew, hair has bangs at the frond and at the back is braided and goes just between the shoulder blades, ~183cm}
6. The (ice demon)demon god who is in the situationship, dresses simple but there are hints of their godhood in their outfit. He looks and acts very cool/passive and wants to seem chill, but he is inreality doing do to not seem evil like a demon, and cares a lot.

{female, has brown hair and buns that resemble fox ears, clothes look a bit like the classical shrine maiden/kitsune outfit, ~160cm, ~C-D cup}
7. Kitsune/fox spirit type character, the director of the drama club. Likes to gossip/cause mischief but actually is kind and uses gossip to test people's character as they judge auditions. Seems like they wanan cause trouble but actually wants people to get along and tugs people to get them to do something to pacth up any problems

{female, boy-cut hair, and dresses very masculine, ~210cm, ~F-cup}
8. The student council president, she  is a siren and is at the school working to clear the bad reputation of sirens but sometimes when she loses her temper, she uses her powers just a little to give weak hypnotic suggestion to people so that they start to agree with  her, regrets doing so immediately after and brings them back to their arguments as it were through regular conversation. Dresses like a male, which makes their power effective on all genders

