Story goals - 
-decide Genre:
  Psychological/action/SoL/Comedy/Mystery/Pure Nukige/ mythology-fantasy/ sci-fi/ 
	ex. historical ppl into real life 
	ex. thinks its romace but does 180 gets fucked 
	ex. sol happy romance with other wordly character that turns fucked 
	ex. ancient god goes to current day and fucks things up 
	ex. god likes main character and god gets on jelous rampage 
	ex. main character chooses main girl and main girl dies from jelous god/ magical being 

-decide number of characters
Prologue 
	1. main character - genderless 
	2. main girl - redesign of guy character only one shows up, choose at beginning to be straight or gayyyyy 
	3. main guy 
	4. ancient god/ magical creature/ being - unhingedd and causes time loop where main character kills god and he has to find the right timeline 

  
-decide setting
	- start in modern day, college, Western word, characters have classes together 
	- futuristic, characters can be thrown into other universes after time skip 

Note: god has many forms most likely another student who has been constantly going to the same classes, can also take the form of others (dlc). 

-Plot 
Main character has a normal life with his girl/guy friend and decides to date them... But suddenly an angry jelous god intervies and kills parter. 
This god has a human form where the god chases the main character and constantly gets rejected. 
This leads the god to become angy and seeks to create a world where the god wins the heart of the main character. 
This leads to an unhinged battle between the god and the main character where his is left to battle the god. 
Main character kills god and causes a rift in the universe and the main character is left with the godly powers. 
Main character decides to rewind or rewrite the past to how it was destined to be. 
Main character struggles falling into different time loops. the player must find the correct path to end with main love interest. 

maybe about: he has to change the future to change the past blah blah 
